1. npm init -y
2. npm i express(application server) ejs (templating language. login, register etc.)
3. Development dependencies. npm i --save-dev nodemon(restart server automatically whenever we make changes) 

4. dotenv (invorement variables that we can store inside a doteenv variable)

5. create .env file (for our invorment variables)

6. create .gitignore, we want to ignore these files, dont wanna comit our .env(could contain secret sensitive information)
, node_modules (all installed dependecies) to our git repository

7. setup package.json, i stedet for test så under script, "devStart": "nodemon server.js"

8. create server.js

9. npm run devStart

10. create folder views, in it create index.ejs

11. create login.ejs and register.ejs in views

12. in server create routes for both

13. Because we're gonna get information from forms, we need to use app.use. use express.urlencoded pass the option extended? as false. We do this because we want to take these forms from email and password and be able to access them inside our request variable inside our post method

14. create local variable to store our data const users = []

15. hash users password, download library for bcrypt, npm i bcrypt, also allows use to compare hash passwords, include it in const bcrypt = require('bcrypt')

16. create a new terminal to keep our nodemon running

17. hans kommentar til hvorfor vi bruger console.log(users) i vores express ift. database er vigtig, console.log(users). bliver krypteret og sikkert for os at gemme i en database, hver gang vi gemmer bliver den reset til en tom array

18. using passport.js for authentication

19. using npm i passport passport-local(so we only use passport local), allows us to use username and password for logging in. Passport many other logins

20. to store and persist our users across different pages we need to use express-session and to display messages if we fdail to login we need express-flash

21. to make it clearer we're gonna make a new file called, passport-config.js

22. require passport in our server

23. Logout function from passport

24. We cant call a delete function directly from HTML, we need to use a form and a post, but delete is not supported by forms (we can only use post).

25. npm i method-override (allows us to call the delete and put method)